feat: Disable messages with API_MESSAGES (#110)
bahmutov/cy-api: README.md

This will add a new command `cy.api` for making API requests.

## Configuration

> If you want to disable messages calls : `export CYPRESS_API_MESSAGES=false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to disable messages calls use an environment variable `CYPRESS_API_MESSAGE=false`.
```
